robobusy: Life is a fleeting moment! We must fly straight like an arrow so we never lose our way!
speedstar: Only speed will dictate whether you defeat me or not!
robobusy: So let us see which of us is faster! Believe in yourself and grasp the future with both hands!
speedstar: Focus on the race!
sele: Take him on!
speedstar: Do you think you can win if you waste your energy that way!?
sele: Ignore him!
speedstar: That isn't going to work on me!
robobusy: Oooo yeaaaaah! You're goin' down!
robobusy: The finish line is over there.
robobusy: It's you and me, friend! No holds barred!
robobusy: Zounds! You're fast! Although not FAST fast, if you know what I mean.
robobusy: I'm excited to test your skills again! And next time, we'll take things up a notch!
robobusy: Bah! Surely this isn't all that you're capable of!
robobusy: Life is too short for you to spend it running about in useless circles!
robobusy: Now get your dander up and try challenging me again!
robobusy: Hello hello hello! Ready to challenge me again?
robobusy: Wonderful! I knew you couldn't resist the thrill of the chase the moment I laid eyes on you!
robobusy: Now let's have a race that will make our very souls quiver with delight!
robobusy: Here we go! The Second Speed Championship!
sele: Yes, let's quiver!
sele: I'd prefer not to quiver!
robobusy: An excellent response!
robobusy: The finish line is over there!
robobusy: It's time to race your way into tomorrow, TODAY!
robobusy: Not bad! You're getting closer to becoming a true speedster!
robobusy: Keep it up! I want us to grow ever faster together!
robobusy: I'll be here whenever you're ready to try me again!
robobusy: Come now! You cannot be serious!
robobusy: I know you can do this! I KNOW it! Now get out there and give it everything you've got!
robobusy: Hello hello hello hello helloooooo!
robobusy: I feel it in my core—today is the day we pursue the ultimate in speed!
robobusy: We shall break down all barriers! Sound! Light! Tachyon!\nNever doubt your true potential!
robobusy: Here we go! The Third Speed Championship!
sele: Let's do it!
sele: Let's not do it!
robobusy: Aaah ha ha! Today we show the world what it means to be speed itself!
robobusy: Our glorious goal is just over there!
robobusy: Now fly! Fly onward to a shining future!
robobusy: ...Congratulations. You are truly the greatest speedster the world has ever known.
robobusy: As proof of your astonishing victory, I give you this.
robobusy: I can no longer challenge you.
robobusy: I have lived my life in the pursuit of speed, and it seems my journey is at an end.
robobusy: It's strange. I thought I'd be sad, but instead I feel...peace.
robobusy: When I think back on how competitive I was before, it seems so very ugly.
robobusy: But that was my life, and thus, I own it. I am content.
a2b: ......
a9s: ......
a2: ......
robobusy: I am content...
robobusy: NO! NO NO NO NO! You must fire off the great rockets of your soul!
robobusy: Fill your heart with emotional fuel and maximize your potential!
n02: What the heck was up with that guy anyway?
n02: Three...
robobusy: Here we go! The First Speed Championship!
n02: Two...
n02: One...
n02: Go!
[[quest\q330\q330_21f485e_scp.bin]]
a2b: What an odd flower...
a9s: That's a peculiar little flower...
a2: What a weird flower...
a9s: ...
a9s: This is a Lunar Tear, right?
a9s: We'd better let Emil know.
eml: Hey there, guys! What's up?
a9s: We found a Lunar Tear. It's located at—
eml: STAY RIGHT THERE! I'm coming!
a9s: Uh...okay? I hope he doesn't expect me to just stand here all da—
eml: Sorry to keep you!
a9s: GYAAA!
eml: Oh, hey... Now that I think about it, this whole area was once...
a2b: Are you remembering something?
eml: It's all pretty fuzzy, but I seem to have a memory of caring for this flower a long time ago...
eml: But the sand kept expanding, and the flowers gradually wilted.
eml: Now that I think about it, that was around the same time I stopped seeing people.
a9s: You mean humans?
eml: Thanks a bunch for finding this. Really.
eml: Oh, and let me know if you find any more, okay?
eml: I'm gonna...stay here for a bit.
eml: ......
a9s: It's a Lunar Tear. I'd better tell Emil.
eml: Hey there! What's going on?
a9s: I found one of those flowers you were looking for. It's over at—
eml: DON'T MOVE AN INCH! I'm coming!
a9s: Don't move? I'm actually kind of bus—
eml: Sorry to keep you!
a9s: Damn, you're fast!
eml: ......
eml: That's it. I remember now...
eml: Back when the aliens first invaded...
eml: I fought as hard as I could to save Earth.
a9s: You did?
eml: I think...I had something I wanted to protect. Something really precious to me.
eml: But I don't know what it was.
a2b: ......
eml: Thank you for finding this.
eml: You'll let me know if you find any more, right?
eml: ......
eml: I'm gonna...stay here for a bit.