sele: I do.
sele: No.
n02: Ah. I see.
n02: I see, I see. Then perhaps I can believe in you.
n02: You see, there are many machines who detest fighting.
n02: As such, I have decided to gather them together in order to hold a parade.
n02: It will be a parade of love and friendship for all!
n02: However, as it turns out, there are many among us who frown upon such outspoken expressions of peace.
n02: Therefore, I'm hoping you will protect our parade in order to ensure the successful dispensation of its wonderful message.
sele: Agree to guard the parade.
sele: Turn down the request.
n02: A pity. Well, if you change your mind, do let me know.
n02: I wish to hold a parade to march to the Resistance camp as a symbol of our friendship. Would you be willing to help?
n02: Thank you for your support!
n02: If you could keep my companions safe while we conduct the parade, I would be ever so happy!
n02: Now then... Let us show everyone the power of friendship!
robos: Share in the happiness!
robos: No more fighting!
robos: Spread love throughout the world!
robos: Live to have fun!
robos: Abandon all hatred!
n02: Ahhh! Help me! Please help me!
n02: We did not come here to fight!
n02: Please help!
n02: All we need is love!
n02: Noooooo!
n02: Haaaaaalp!
n02: I don't want to fight!
n02: Happiness to all!
n02: Thank you very much.
n02: We managed to complete the parade without being annihilated.
n02: I know this isn't much of a reward, but please accept it.
n02: Ooooh... Why did such violence have to occur?
n02: Still, I refuse to give up. I will try again!
n02: This time, I swear to hold a parade that brings peace to the world!
sele: Help the parade.
sele: Refuse.
n02: Don't be that way. Come, let's get going!
n02: How wonderful! I think our joy really came across this time.
n02: We'll soon be holding another parade elsewhere. I hope we can count on your support for that as well.
n02: So do you...
n02: Do you think us fools?
n02: ......
n02: I'm sorry. I hope to see you again.
n02: Ah. It's you.
n02: I'm afraid I was simply no longer able to deal with it.
n02: Joy? Love? What is the point? Happiness wasn't going to keep me from getting killed, now was it?
n02: ...Hmm? You wish to know where the rest of the paraders went?
n02: They took off on some kind of journey. "To bring joy to the ends of the earth!" was their cry, if I remember correctly.
n02: I lost contact with them once they reached the deep desert.
n02: I imagine they're now dead by the side of some road.
n02: No doubt they were rambling on about love and happiness to the bitter end. What madness...
pod042: Requested mission failed.
pod042: Alert: Exiting the planned operational area.
pod042: Proposal: Return to the operational area immediately.
pod153: Requested mission failed.
pod153: Alert: Exiting the planned operational area.
pod153: Proposal: Return to the operational area immediately.
[[quest\q720\q720_bbe0d32e_scp.bin]]
pod153: The hostile machine lifeforms have been defeated.
resiman: Have you seen these folks, perchance?
a9s: Hmm... Nope, sorry.
resiman: They were part of my squad, but I lost contact when they went out for field research. If anything has happened to them...
resiman: Well, to put it bluntly...if they're dead, I need to know so I can mourn them properly.
a9s: Have you tried searching for them?
resiman: I'd go myself, but my motor systems were heavily damaged some time back.
resiman: Still, I just can't stop wondering what happened...
sele: Help with the search.
sele: Decline the request.
resiman: I understand. Sorry to spring this on you.
resiman: I want to search for them, but I can't abandon my work here...
a9s: I'll look for them.
resiman: You will?
a9s: Sure. Can you give me an idea where to start?
resiman: Last time I heard from them, they were in the flooded city.
resiman: I'll give you their ID codes. We all wield dual weapons, so you should be able to find them easily.
resiman: If they're dead, I'd appreciate if you could retrieve any personal articles you find.
resiman: I lost contact with my friends in the flooded city. If they're dead, could you please retrieve their personal items for me?
resiman: They were carrying two weapons, so they should be easy enough to spot.
pod153: Alert: This is one of the Resistance members we were asked to locate.
resiman: I appreciate the help.
resiman: So he didn't make it, huh?
resiman: You picked up other signals as well, right? The others might still be alive... Could you go and help them, please?
a9s: I was afraid we'd find this.
a9s: The only personal items are these dog tags...
a9s: Analysis: Remaining transmission records indicate the Resistance members were attempting to retreat from battle.
a9s: Analysis of final coordinates complete. Marking locations on map.
a9s: Let's go take a look. Maybe some of them will still be alive.
pod153: Alert: This is one of the Resistance members we were asked to locate.
pod153: No vital signs detected. The unit is deceased.
a9s: Man, there's blood everywhere. Whatever happened must've happened right here.
a9s: Talk about a bad way to go...
pod153: Alert: Emergency support request found in transmission records.
a9s: When was it sent?
pod153: Approximately twelve minutes ago.
a9s: That means they're still alive. Let's go!
a9s: Over there! Initiating rescue!
robolarge: REVENGE! CLAIM YOUR REVENGE!
robomedium: Avenge the pain of our comrades!
robosmall: I HATE ANDROIDS! HATE THEM!