villager: What should we play next?
villager: Everything was shaking so much! It was so loud!
villager: I should probably be more careful while playing from now on.
villager: Wow, that was a HUGE earthquake!
villager: Are you okay? 'Cause I'm okay! I don't go down that easily!
villager: In my house, everything's within arm's reach.
villager: It's a comfortable life. I have everything I need.
villager: I don't need a house.
villager: Sure, sometimes it would be nice to be warm and cozy, but out here I'm always free.
villager: I heard an explosion in the distance. Are you okay?
villager: Stay out of trouble!
villager: Hmmm...
villager: I'm trying to think of games we can play with their stubby little legs...
villager: Maybe we should just settle for tag.
villager: Yeah, tag's not bad.
villager: Just because I'm big doesn't mean I'm strong...
villager: I wish I was as big as him!
villager: O, powers that be! Grant me a bigger body!
papa: This is bad. This is really bad...
villager: Welcome to our village!
villager: Hello. Nice day we're having!
villager: Let me know if I can help you with anything.
villager: I think I've had my fill of this place. I'd like to go somewhere else, but my carrier isn't showing up.
villager: He just doesn't seem to care about punctuality at all! Or perhaps he's angry I keep asking him to carry me everywhere...
villager: I'm so tired from carrying my friend. I just need a little rest.
[[st1\r140\r140_9fbdc6a2_scp.bin]]
papa: My son told me how you helped him. Thank you.
papa: I fear this is in no small part my fault, for I put all the burden of raising him on my wife.
papa: You certainly did!
papa: I'm sorry, dear.
papa: Yeah, Daddy! You should play with me more!
papa: I'm sorry...
papa: Well, as long as you've learned your lesson...
papa: Yeah! Learned your lesson!
papa: I was hoping one of you would take my side...
papa: I suppose I should try to be more of a "family man," as they say.
papa: But what does that entail, exactly...?
papa: Thank you for saving my son.
papa: I feel like I understand him better than before.
papa: I know that raising a child is never easy, but I feel it's worth the struggle.
child: Hey! Thanks for before!
child: I'm a really good boy now. I listen to EVERYTHING Mommy says!
child: Really!
child: I'm good now! I'm really, REALLY good!
child: Really! I mean it!
[[st1\r140\r140_cd4fd96a_scp.bin]]
n02: Stop! Do not kill!
n02: No fighting! No fighting!
n02: Don't kill! Don't kill!
n02: We have done nothing bad!
n02: I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
a9s: ......
sister: I heard my sister was...found in the desert.
sister: I can't believe she's no longer functioning while I'm still here...
robochild: This is sooo fuuuun!
robochild: It's a thank-you present!
robostrange: ......
pascal: Superb! Thank you for this valuable information.
pascal: Please take this as a reward.
robomother: Will you listen to my darling boy? He has a goal now! How wonderful!
robomother: And it's all thanks to you!
robomother: Rrrrgh! What am I supposed to DO!?
villager: Ah, <SARU_JAN>...
villager: There is no meaning in war.
villager: <SARU_JAN>'s right.
villager: Hello. Nothing to report from the village today.
villager: You can relax here for as long as you like.
villager: Nothing much happens here, but that's what makes us so special!
villager: Wander around. See the sights. It'll do you good.
kj: Anything here catch your eye?
kj: I'm going to go see the guy in the forest soon.
kj: He taught me how to make things, and I can vouch for his talent.
kj: Come see me again.
ps: Look around as much as you like.
ps: Come again!
villager: When I woke up this morning, I'd lost another torso.
villager: That guy found one just lying around, so I should probably go see what I can find.
villager: You have no idea how tough it is having to search for body parts.
villager: Look, look! I found another torso for my body!
villager: It was right outside the village!
villager: Can you believe it!?
villager: I just need one more and I'll have my triple-belly!
villager: I haven't seen any forest animals recently.
villager: I hope they're doing okay.
villager: You and I, we have the same smell about us.
villager: And no, I don't mean the smell of machine oil.
villager: You're the only one who keeps visiting me here. You sure are an odd one.
villager: There's nothing to do here, although I can provide casual conversation if required.
pascal: I saw a huge explosion far off in the sky.
pascal: Forgive my intrusion, but...was it something connected with you?
pascal: I realize this village could never replace your home, but please know that you are always welcome here.
pascal: Please make yourself at home.
villager: Heya! How ya been?
villager: I've been fine. I'm always fine!
villager: So do you wanna play with us?
villager: Uncle Pascal always says your health is more important than anything!
villager: You wanna play with us? It'll be healthy!
villager: I decided to play with the rest of the kids after all.
villager: They kept begging me to, so I had to oblige, ya know?
villager: So what should we play today? Tag or hide-and-seek? I'm up for either!