manager: Sorry, but can you come back later?
ane: We've been falling behind on our material-storage work as of late.
manager: I can't just sit here while everyone's fighting so hard around me. I need to shape up...
ane: The person in charge is usually quite reliable, but lately...
ane: Well, to be blunt, she's been slacking. I think there's some kind of personal issue distracting her.
ane: I don't know the whole story, but I'm going to have to find out so this doesn't disrupt our operation any more than it already has.
ane: You can find the person in charge on top of the scaffolding at the back of the camp.
ane: Would you mind talking to him?
manager: *sigh* Why can't I stop thinking about it...?
a9s: Stop thinking about what?
manager: Gya! What!? Who are you!?
a9s: We're with YoRHa.
a9s: Anemone told us to make ourselves at home.
manager: Oh...r-right.
a9s: So. What can't you stop thinking about?
manager: Oh, it's just... One of my friends has a box that makes music when you open it, and I can't get the damn song out of my head.
manager: It's just so beautiful! I've never heard anything like it!
manager: And to make it worse, I can only remember the first part of the song...
manager: Daaah, it's driving me nuts!
manager: I wish she'd just come back to camp so I could hear the damn thing again!
sele: Go look for the missing item.
sele: Let the weirdo work it out herself.
a9s: Yeah, if we don't help her, she'll never get any work done.
a2b: A box that plays sound? Odd.
pod042: Analysis: The item in question is likely a "music box." It should be located in an area where music is playing.
pod042: Proposal: The local amusement park would be a logical area for reconnaissance.
a9s: That's some fuzzy logic there, Pod...
a9s: But hey, might as well try it. Not like we have any other leads to go on.
a9s: Is this the "music box" she was looking for?
a9s: Man, this thing is all rusted over...
a2b: Look. A corpse.
a9s: You think the box belonged to her?
a9s: Poor girl died a long time ago, by the looks of it.
a2b: Let's bring this back to her friend.
a9s: Excuse me. Is this the "music box" you were looking for?
manager: THAT'S IT! Where did you find it?
a2b: In the amusement park, next to the corpse of an android. Maybe that was its owner?
manager: ...Oh.
a9s: Was she...
manager: ......
manager: Well, it's awfully rusty, but with a little work I should be able to get it playing again.
a9s: Of course.
manager: Thank you for bringing the box to me.
manager: Now I can finally concentrate on my work again!
manager: Oh, and you two are welcome to enter the back anytime you like from now on.
[[quest\q122\q122_3a5128c8_scp.bin]]
ane: Oh, hello. Your timing is excellent.
ane: Sorry, but could you focus on your mission for now?
ane: I need a favor from you both.
ane: I know you came here and everything, but...
a9s: What is it?
ane: We're planning a recon expedition of the forest region.
ane: But before we can start, we need someone to head in there and set up a satellite camp.
ane: The enemies are tough, and I'd lose a lot of good people if we tried to clear them out. But you two seem like you can handle yourselves, so...
a2b: Got it. Head to the woods and clear out any enemies.
ane: That's the long and short of it, yes. Thank you.
a9s: ...Looks like that's the last of them. Good work.
a2b: The Resistance should be able to set up camp now.
a9s: Right! Let's head back and give 'em the good news.
ane: Looks like we're cleared to set up in the forest. Thank you.
ane: I'll let you know if we need anything further.
ane: Seriously, you YoRHa types are something else.
a9s: Well, not to brag, but we ARE state-of-the-art units. Not like the A2 or those other old mode—
ane: A2?
ane: Attacker Number 2?
a2b: You know her?
ane: No, not...
ane: ......
ane: I'm sorry. Can I ask one more favor of you?
ane: Can you give me any information you have on that old A2 YoRHa unit? Anything at all.
a9s: That's funny—we've been trying to find more information ourselves. Why are you asking?
ane: I just...need to be sure about something.
a9s: I know it's our job and all, but these Resistance types sure do use and abuse us, don't they?
a9s: It's like they see us as a couple of gofers or something.
a2b: No complaining about your work.
a2b: Exchanging information with the Resistance is a vital part of our mission.
a2b: Besides, being a gofer is safer than being locked in combat all the time.
a2b: Not dying beats dying any day.
a9s: Yeah, that's true.
[[quest\q123\q123_6fde04e_scp.bin]]
ane: Sorry, but could you focus on your mission for now?
ane: I know you came here and everything, but...
ane: Seriously, you YoRHa types are something else.
a9s: Well, not to brag, but we ARE state-of-the-art units. Not like the A2 or those other old mode—
ane: A2?
ane: Attacker Number 2?
a2b: You know her?
ane: No, not...
ane: ......
ane: I'm sorry. Can I ask one more favor of you?
ane: Can you give me any information you have on that old A2 YoRHa unit? Anything at all.
a9s: That's funny—we've been trying to find more information ourselves. Why are you asking?
ane: I just...need to be sure about something.
a2b: She wants intel on A2, does she? Where should we start?
a9s: We could check out the energy reactions generated during battles.
a9s: The fusion reactors of androids and machine lifeforms shut down when they're destroyed.
a9s: And we can detect the energy released during that process.
a9s: We're the only units doing any combat missions in this area, right?
a9s: So if we detect any stray energy reactions, it probably means A2 is involved.
a9s: ...Yeah, okay. We've got some readings around the abandoned factory. I'll put it on the map.