a9s: Well, you've certainly taken damage, but it's nothing that can't be repaired.
a9s: Just wait here, okay? I'll get what you need as soon as I can.
pod042: Alert: Memory alloy required to repair this unit.
pod153: Alert: Memory alloy required to repair this unit.
a9s: Pascal? What are you doing here?
pascal: I was concerned about the two androids who were staying in our village, so I decided to look for them.
pascal: During my search, I noticed that one of their signals had suddenly grown quite weak.
pascal: You have the material she needs, yes? If so, please give it to me so I can perform the repairs.
a9s: You got it.
pascal: ......
a9s: Something wrong?
pascal: This android is female. You are male... Perhaps you might close your eyes until I'm done?
a9s: Oh! Right! Sure, yeah. Lemme just...close my eyes then.
pascal: Excellent. I'll just take this here... Patch up this area...
pascal: And done!
pascal: Whew! She should be all right now.
andwoman: Thank you for helping me. Do you have any information about my friend?
a9s: He's fine. You don't need to worry—
andman: You're alive! Oh, thank goodness!
andwoman: Ah!
andman: I'm sorry. I should have been stronger for you.
andwoman: Please, don't. You're safe, and that's all that matters.
andman: I'm sorry to have put this on you. I truly am.
pascal: Oh, it's perfectly fine. However, what do you intend to do now?
andman: Now? Well, I suppose we'll try to find someplace safe.
andwoman: And then what? Continue being pursued by our former friends and hunted by machines?
andwoman: I can't take that any more!
andman: But...
andwoman: If this is going to be my life, I'd rather return to the Resistance.
andwoman: If we reformat ourselves and reset our memories, I'm sure Anemone will take us back.
andman: But if we do that, I'll forget how I feel about you!
andwoman: And if we don't, I'll eventually grow to hate you. Do you understand?
andwoman: Even if I'm reformatted, I know I'll fall in love with you.
andman: ...All right.
andwoman: Will you help us one more time? Will you erase our memories and bring us back to the Resistance camp?
sele: Agree to help.
sele: Refuse.
andwoman: Please. You must erase our memories.
andman: Thank you. \n...You can begin with me.
pascal: They must really love each other if they both want their memories erased...
a9s: All right...
a9s: ...Formatting complete. He should reboot here in a little while.
a9s: Are you ready?
andwoman: Me? No, I'm fine, thanks.
a9s: What?
andwoman: Your formatting procedure was perfect. I'd expect nothing less from a cutting-edge YoRHa model.
a9s: Wait, what are you—
andwoman: Don't you understand? We're too weak.
andwoman: That's why I knew I had to convert one of us into a combat model. Then we'll never have to run from anything again!
andwoman: But I can't do that without a complete system reset, which is why I had you format him. Now it's time to strengthen him up!
andwoman: Hmm... While I'm at it, I'd better delete all of his namby-pamby ways. I need someone more forceful in my life, you know?
a9s: ......
andwoman: Oh, don't look at me like that! This is the sixth time I've had him formatted, and it's never been a problem.
andwoman: I don't know if this is enough payment for all you've done, but please accept it.
andwoman: Anyway, we'd better get going. The next time you see this guy, he's going to be incredible!
pascal: Er, 9S? What was that about?
a9s: Women can be pretty scary sometimes.
pascal: I...see. I will bear that in mind...
[[quest\q520\q520_afd5aa67_scp.bin]]
pascal: Hello there! Er, so I was wondering if you might help me with a small project.
pascal: I'd like you to collect and bring back any information you find regarding the old world during your travels.
a9s: Really? Why?
pascal: I'm hoping to use whatever knowledge remains of the old world to make life better for those here in the village.
pascal: I'll be glad to share anything we find with you as well, of course. So would you be willing to assist us?
sele: Help him out.
sele: Don't bother.
pascal: Thank you. Please show me anything of interest you find.
pascal: Let me know if you find any data on the old world.
pascal: Oh? But surely knowledge of the old world would benefit you as well. Is there any chance you might reconsider?
pascal: Take pity on this poor old machine lifeform before you and lend us your aid!
pascal: Please, my friend. Look inside yourself...
pascal: Relics of the old world are certain to make life easier for our children. I do hope you will reconsider.
a9s: Hey, Pascal? Is this the kind of old-world information you were looking for?
pascal: Ah! Thank you so much. I find this data from mankind to be ever so fascinating...
pascal: I know it's not much, but please take this as thanks.
pascal: Superb! Thank you for this valuable information.
pascal: Please take this as a reward.
a9s: It's data from the old world, but it's...
pod153: This data is related to the creation of nuclear fission weapons.
a9s: Oh, geez. I wonder if we should really hand this over to Pascal...
a9s: I mean, the Commander might want it, right?
pod153: Only unit 9S is qualified to make that decision.
pascal: Ah. Let me see...
pascal: Oh my. This is valuable information indeed.
a9s: Yeah...
pascal: Nuclear fission technology is something that was lost to us long ago.
pascal: It presents many technical challenges, not to mention the devastating effects it has on the environment. This is why our creators had the data sealed away.
pascal: ...I'm sorry 9S, but I cannot accept this information. It is simply too dangerous.
a9s: Oh?
pascal: However, I thank you for bringing it to my attention.
pascal: Allow me to repay you with this.
pascal: 9S...
pascal: If I reject the knowledge of nuclear weapons and our village is destroyed at some point in the future, do you think my people would resent me for it?
a9s: I don't know, Pascal. That's not for me to decide.
pascal: I see.
cmd: Yes, 9S? What is it?
a9s: Commander, I've discovered data from the old world that includes information on nuclear fission.
a9s: I wasn't sure what to do with it, so...
cmd: Nuclear armaments, is it?
cmd: As you're likely aware, by order of the Council of Humanity, our use of nuclear weapons is restricted.