pascal: Would you perhaps lend us your aid?
pascal: Thank you so much.
pascal: The required part is in the area known as the abandoned factory. I truly do appreciate this.
pascal: The part needed to repair the child is in the area known as the abandoned factory.
pascal: I appreciate your help.
pod042: Enemy machines destroyed.
a2: So this is the part Pascal wanted?
a2: Can't believe I'm killing machines to save a machine.
a2: ......
a2: Ah, screw it. Better go see Pascal.
pascal: Ah, A2! You have the part needed to repair the child!
pascal: I cannot thank you enough.
pascal: This is meager compared to what you've done, but please take it.
pascal: In all honestly, we could have transferred the child's core to another body instead of repairing the original.
pascal: This process allows us to resurrect ourselves as many times as we want.
pascal: However, it comes at the cost of our memories.
pascal: So in a way, he would no longer be the same child.
pascal: Thankfully, this is no longer an issue. Thank you so much!
[[quest\q290\q290_e15f2fa1_scp.bin]]
robocreator: Hey there! Having fun?
robocreator: Will you help me out?
a9s: This place isn't exactly what I'd call "fun."
sele: Aid the game creator.
robocreator: Good point. It's more like an un-amusement park, eh?
sele: Turn him down.
robocreator: That's why I'm thinking about making a game!
a9s: Oh yeah?
robocreator: Yes! A fun game that anyone can play!\nIf only I had the materials...
robocreator: I don't suppose you'd help me out with that?
sele: Aid the game creator.
sele: Turn him down.
robocreator: Excellent! All I need is a single tri-color cable.\nJust let me know when you find it.
a9s: If you know what you need, why don't you go find it yourself?
robocreator: Tri-color cables are found inside the machines in the amusement park. You don't expect me to slaughter my own kin, do you?
a9s: You could just decide not to make the game, you know?
robocreator: Never! My creative urges must be satisfied!
a9s: But you just said... Oh. forget it.
robocreator: I want to make a fun game that anyone can play.\nWill you help out?
robocreator: Ah! A tri-color cable! I must have it!
robocreator: Excellent! Now I just attach this here...
robocreator: Success! The game is ready!
a9s: So what is this game of yours anyway?
robocreator: It's a shooting game. I have the feeling it's still really buggy though...
robocreator: Feel like playing a game?
sele: Sure.
sele: Not right now.
robocreator: I'd appreciate it if you could debug it a bit while you play.
robocreator: Congratulations! Did you enjoy yourself?
robocreator: You debugged the game! Thanks!
robocreator: Though, to be honest, I was hoping it would be more of a challenge.
robocreator: I bet a four-color cable would be just the thing to raise the difficulty. Do you think you could track one down for me?
robocreator: I feel...passion...burning inside me. Passion...to make the BEST GAME EVER.
robocreator: And what the best game ever REALLY needs, is a four-color cable. Could you bring me one?
sele: Agree to help.
robocreator: Have fun!
sele: Tell him you've done enough.
robocreator: Come back whenever you'd like to play.
robocreator: Merci! You can find said cables rattling around the insides of soldiers in the abandoned factory.
robocreator: You'll have no trouble spotting them, because they tend to walk around alone, away from their fellow machines.
robocreator: Have fun out there!
robocreator: I'm trying to make my game more difficult.\nCan you please bring me a four-color cable?
robocreator: How can one think about being creative under these circumstances? Please, you must help us!
robocreator: The machines carrying tri-color cables are quite aggressive, so be careful!
robocreator: Merci! You can find said cables rattling around the insides of soldiers in the abandoned factory.
robocreator: You'll have no trouble spotting them, because they tend to walk around alone, away from their fellow machines.
robocreator: Ah! You have a four-color cable! Gimme.
robocreator: Now then, I just connect this end to the widget here aaaand...
robocreator: Presto! My amazingly fun game is now more difficult.
robocreator: Care to check it out? I'll give you a prize if you can debug it for me.
robocreator: That was fun, wasn't it?
robocreator: You debugged the game! Thanks!
robocreator: You know something? I don't think my fun game is hard enough yet. We need to reach beyond typical market boundaries to include hardcore gamers.
robocreator: But that can easily be rectified if you bring me a five-color cable.
robocreator: I want to make great games and become the world's most popular game creator! It's all I want from life, really!
robocreator: And what the world's best game creator REALLY needs, is a five-color cable. Could you bring me one?
sele: Agree to bring him the cable.
sele: Turn him down.
robocreator: Muchas gracias!  And best of luck tracking down that five-color cable.
robocreator: You can salvage them from the machines in the desert. Just go ahead and rip it right out of 'em!
robocreator: They tend to hang out in groups, so good luck finding the right ones!
a9s: Um, I thought these machines were your friends.
robocreator: CREATIVITY is my friend!
robocreator: I want my fun game to appeal to hardcore users. Can you get me a five-color cable so I can make it happen?
robocreator: The machines around the desert are lousy with five-color cables.
robocreator: They tend to hang out in groups, so good luck finding the right ones!
robocreator: Ah! My precious cable! Give it here.
robocreator: Now I just zap this...and tweak that...aaaand...
robocreator: Yes! Now it's so hard, you'll wonder if anyone even bothered to bug-test this!
robocreator: I doubt you can beat it. But if you DO, I'll give you a really nice prize.
robocreator: Heheh. Hope it wasn't too hard for you!
robocreator: I can't believe you managed to complete it AND debug it as well!
a9s: ...Is that it? You're not going to send me to find some other weird cable?
robocreator: Actually, I've sort of run out of ideas.
robocreator: I never knew how difficult it was to be a creative genius.
robocreator: That's why I've decided to go out on top.
robocreator: Thank you for your support!
pod153: Requested material obtained.
[[quest\q300\q300_5f9ed04e_scp.bin]]
robobusy: You there! Ho! Are you living every day on the straight and narrow!?
speedstar: Speed will decide this contest! Speed above all!