robomaster: We sparred, yes? You learned many things, yes? Then surely an emolument is to be expected!
a9s: This guy is shameless!
robomaster: Bring it here before our next bout, if you would be so kind.
robomaster: Ah, excellent. Now we can engage in a new form of training.
robomaster: Father Servo is currently engaged in preparations.\nCome back later.
robomaster: Father Servo will accept your challenge whenever you feel ready.
robomaster: ...For a fee, of course.
a9s: Of course.
robomaster: You should be able to retrieve a warped wire from the dinosaur-like machines roaming about nearby,
pod042: Requested material obtained.
pod042: Target location data obtained. Marking on map.
pod153: Requested material obtained.
pod153: Target location data obtained. Marking on map.
[[quest\q101\q101_5be5b4cc_scp.bin]]
robomaster: Back for more, my child?
robomaster: Well? Would you like to see Father Servo's new modification in action?
robomaster: Be warned! Father Servo has used your previous gift to make himself stronger than ever.
robomaster: Would you like to test yourself against this new modification?
sele: Spar with Father Servo.
robomaster: Care you to help Father Servo with his training?
sele: Tell him to get bent.
sele: Begin again.
robomaster: Time is a great wheel, yet do not expect things to transpire as they did when last we met.
sele: Refuse.
robomaster: Ah, a pity. Come find Father Servo if you change your mind.
robomaster: Father Servo will not waste his talents on a weakened foe! Begone!
robomaster: Heh heh. One cannot fail to be impressed by the strength of Father Servo.
robomaster: If you desire to test yourself anew, Father Servo is happy to oblige.
robomaster: Have you brought the required items?
robomaster: S-Stop! No more!
sele: Give him the items.
a9s: Whew... You happy now?
sele: Refuse.
robomaster: ......
robomaster: Let us discuss the fee.
a9s: Oh, come on! YOU'RE the one who wanted to test—
robomaster: Would you truly refuse a single request from this old monk?
a9s: Okay, don't even start with me.
robomaster: Father Servo surrendered all worldly possessions and took numerous vows, yet you would deny him even a simple request!?
a9s: All right, all right! Fine! What do you want this time?
robomaster: One memory alloy and one broken circuit.
robomaster: The world moves ever on, my child, so do not dawdle.
a9s: Would you stop calling me that already?
robomaster: One memory alloy and one broken circuit will be payment enough for the lesson you received.
a9s: Hey. I got that junk you wanted.
robomaster: Such impatience! Are you truly so eager to see how Father Servo evolves?
robomaster: Ah, excellent. Now Father Servo can modify himself anew.
robomaster: When you return, he will be stronger than ever!
a9s: Oh, I can't wait for that...
pod042: Requested material obtained.
pod042: Target location data obtained. Marking on map.
pod153: Requested material obtained.
pod153: Target location data obtained. Marking on map.
[[quest\q102\q102_28e223f7_scp.bin]]
robomaster: How good of you to grace Father Servo with your presence once again.
robomaster: Care ye to taste the results of Father Servo's latest modification?
robomaster: Such drive is admirable.
robomaster: Well then! Do you care to witness the glories of this latest modification?
sele: Witness the glories.
robomaster: Would you like to help Father Servo with his training?
sele: Pass on witnessing the glories.
sele: Begin anew.
robomaster: The Father Servo you knew has passed from this life, my child. Behold his latest incarnation!
sele: Begin nothing.
robomaster: A pity.
robomaster: Father Servo will not waste his talents on a weakened foe! Begone!
robomaster: Come find Father Servo if you change your mind.
robomaster: Such strength can only be achieved by becoming one with the universe!
robomaster: If you desire to test yourself anew, Father Servo is happy to oblige.
robomaster: Have you brought the required items?
robomaster: No more! Father Servo yields!
sele: Surrender the items.
a9s: So what do you want this time? More weird junk?
sele: Turn him down.
robomaster: To business already? My my!
a9s: Figured I should get it over with and save us both some time.
robomaster: You're a clever one, aren't you?
robomaster: Well, when the heavens offer succor, it is poor form to refuse. Father Servo requires a silver ore, a pristine screw, and a broken battery.
a9s: Hold on. That's more stuff than last time!
robomaster: ERROR. ERROR. BAD FILE OR PATHWAY. BZZZZZT.
a9s: Stop it! I know you're not broken!
a2b: Let's go already.
robomaster: Father Servo needs a silver ore, a pristine screw, and a broken battery.
a9s: We've got what you wanted. Pretty much needed a wheelbarrow to carry it all... *grumble*
robomaster: Thank you, my child.
robomaster: With these items, the flesh of Father Servo will be so, so, so, so, SO powerful!
a9s: Good. Because I'm going to beat you silly next time to make up for all your stupid errands.
robomaster: Er, yes. Regardless, modifying one's body is not a process accomplished quickly or without effort.
robomaster: So until your next visit, farewell!
pod042: Requested material obtained.
pod042: Target location data obtained. Marking on map.
pod153: Requested material obtained.
pod153: Target location data obtained. Marking on map.
[[quest\q103\q103_d2b3f5a6_scp.bin]]
robomaster: Ah! The prodigal child returns once more!
a9s: Uuuuuuuuh...
a2b: This IS that same weird monk machine as before, right?
robomaster: Oh ho! Father Servo has used the gifts of his flock to make himself powerful beyond imagining!
robomaster: Dare you taste the forbidden fruits of his labors!?
sele: Taste the forbidden fruits.