villager: Jump rope? I wanna jump rope!
villager: I hope my legs are long enough...
villager: ......
villager: Life is hard.
villager: Soooo...tag then?
villager: I wanna jump rope...
villager: My body is big, but I feel tiny on the inside.
villager: Please don't make fun of me.
villager: I want to be as big as this guy.
villager: I wish I was bigger. Don't you?
villager: Strength... I need more strength!
villager: If I was huge, I could destroy everything!
papa: This is bad. This is really bad...
villager: Welcome to our village!
villager: Hello. Nice day we're having!
villager: Let me know if I can help you with anything.
villager: Today, I want you to take me to the top of the village, the Forest Castle, and Pascal's place!
villager: After that, we can go to the village entrance and the bridge to the amusement park!
villager: This guy can't climb very well, so I have to carry him to high places. I also have to carry him while playing, so my arms are getting pretty tired.
villager: I'm going to get Pascal to teach him the word "restraint" next time.
[[st1\r150\r150_5ced6cf8_scp.bin]]
resi: Things have been dangerous around here lately.
resi: One of our teams came under attack just the other day.
resi: Who knows what'll happen to us next?
resi: You jerks be careful in the desert, yeah? Folks die out there.
resi: You're from YoRHa, right? I've heard about you guys.
resi: We've got a squadmate waiting in a rocky stretch up ahead. Head on over.
resi: Just remember that there's nowhere to resupply out there.
resi: If you need anything, best to take care of it here while you can.
resi: Don't go trying to be a hero, all right?
resi: Hey, welcome back!
resi: Thanks for securing access to those desert resources.\nIt's a huge help.
resi: I know it isn't much, but please take this. It's the least I can do.
resi: Oh, and be sure to swing by if you ever need anything, all right?
resi: What can I help you with?
resi: I hear you kicked some tin-can ass out in the desert.
resi: So I guess...you know. Thanks or whatever.
ys: That drug... S-So wonderful... Everything feels amaaaaazing... Heeee hee hee...
ys: Drug... More drug... Can't stop fighting... So fuuuuun...
pod042: Analysis: Unusual unit behavior is directly correlated to the stimulating effects of the combat substance.
a2b: They're abusing it.
a2b: Or maybe their lives are just too hard to fathom without it.
pod153: Analysis: Unusual unit behavior is directly correlated to the stimulating effects of the combat substance.
a9s: They're abusing it.
a9s: Or maybe their lives are just too hard to fathom without it.
pod042: Analysis: Unusual unit behavior is directly correlated to the stimulating effects of the combat substance.
a2: They're abusing it.
a2: Or maybe their lives are just too hard to fathom without it.
resistance: I wonder what kind of civilization used to exist here...
ys: We're investigating this area.
ys: I know we both have serious missions to do, so let's give it our all.
ys: Looks like we can use this oil field as a resource.
ys: If we can minimize machine activity in the desert area, we'll be able to transport the oil safely.
ys: It may be unexciting work, but if it can help save even a single ally, I'll do whatever it takes.
ys: Hey, you! What are you doing here? What happened to your mission?
ys: ...Who, me? Oh, I'm just lost. Ha! Sorry if I startled you.
ys: This is the only area with fresh water, and there's vegetation growing too.
ys: Even androids have trouble living in this environment, yet here these plants are. Isn't nature amazing?
ys: I'm going to stick around and investigate this place a little more. Don't tell the Commander, okay?
robowoman: Oh! Hello.
robowoman: How are you?
n02: Why are you here?
n02: Outsider!
n02: Freak!
n02: Did you come from the outside?
sp: Oh, it's you. Hey, thanks for securing access to those desert resources. It's been a huge help.
sp: Here to do a little business?
sp: Come back any time.
ys: We've been charged with sending resources from here to the bunker.
ys: This is a harsh environment for androids.
ys: Welp, nothing for it! Better just concentrate on the task at hand, right?
ys: I hear you defeated the machines.
ys: You're amazing! I wish I was as strong as you...
ys: Hello.
ys: The Commander ordered me to check out this area. There's not much going on—which is just fine by me!
ys: I wish all the other areas were like this.
js: Yo. Thanks for helping out with my research.
js: Thanks for the help.
js: Holler at me if you ever need anything.
sp: Thanks to you, I have a decent lineup of products.
sp: Wanna do business?
sp: Come back any time.
ys: Progress isn't exactly going as planned.
ys: And Command keeps pestering me, so I gotta do something.
ys: Siiigh... Why do I always draw the short straw?
ys: Hey there! Hope you don't mind, but I've been tracking your activity log.
ys: Your success has inspired me to work harder during my own missions!
ys: Hello!
ys: A flock of birds came to rest their wings here. I wonder if they instinctively knew how to escape the storm?
ys: It seems like time moves more slowly here.
ys: If you've got nothing to do, why don't you try fishing? Everyone loves settling down for a round by the pond!
js: Thanks for the help.
js: You know, I've been thinking about something lately.
js: Maybe I should look into it...
sp: You all in one piece? There weren't many casualties in this area, but we might not be so lucky next time!
sp: So then! What can I do ya for?
sp: See ya.
ys: ...Drugs? Yeah, they're pretty crazy. I can't stop fighting!
ys: Mission? Whatever... Leave me alone.
ys: *huff, huff...*