pod042: Proposal:
a2: What now!?
pod042: Utilize the enemy's logical learning function to formulate a weakness.
a2: I don't know what that means!
pod042: This Pod has serious concerns about unit A2's cognitive abilities.
a2: SHUT UP AND EXPLAIN IT ALREADY!
pod042: Said strategy would interrupt the enemy's logic circuits, causing a computational delay.
a2: Meaning what!?
pod042: Do not destroy the enemy.
a2: Huh!?
pod042: Striking at the logic circuit requires a certain number of enemies to remain extant for a certain period of time.
a2: Oh, what the hell...
pod042: The enemy's processing speed has returned to normal.
pod042: Proposal: Do not destroy enemies.
a2: I know, all right!?
pod042: Consciousness data saturation rate 30 percent.
girls: It's all so very amusing...
pod042: Consciousness data saturation rate 60 percent.
girls: The androids the human race left behind acted as if they wanted to be human.
girls: The machine lifeforms the aliens left behind acted as if they wanted to be human.
girls: We resemble each other so, but we are networked, and thus we are superior to you.
pod042: Hypothesis: The enemy's defensive system is prompting an evolution of its logic.
girls: Foolish androids... Why do you resist?
girls: All things end with accepting death, do they not?
pod042: Consciousness data saturation rate 90 percent.
girls: We are one, and yet we are many.
girls: We are finite, and yet we are infinite.
girls: We are the embodiment of the perfect being.
pod042: Hypothesis: The enemy has become aware of the diversity of life.
girls: Ahh... I see it... The light...
girls: We move on... Forward... To the future!
pod042: Consciousness data saturation rate 100 percent.
pod042: Hypothesis: The enemy's consciousness has begun to fracture.
a2: What the—!?
pod042: Analysis: The saturated consciousnesses are now in conflict with each other.
a2: Huh...
a2: They're acting like humans...
[[quest\qaef\qaef_10112854_scp.bin]]
a2: Pod...
a2: We're going to repair 9S's logic circuits.
pod042: Acknowledged.
a2: Tell me where to find the virus corrupting 9S.
pod042: Affirmative.
pod042: YoRHa unit A2.
pod042: Core data for 9S is stored ahead.
pod042: Alert: Severe virus corruption. Probability of successful deletion extremely low.
a2: I think I know a way...
pod042: The idea under consideration is not recommended.
pod042: This Pod is a YoRHa Tactical Support Unit.
pod042: As such, it cannot approve of actions that would damage its supported unit.
a2: You're not so bad, Pod. You know that?
[[quest\qaf4\qaf4_e04e13b1_scp.bin]]
pod153: 9S data system damaged. Access impaired.
pod153: Redeploying in offline mode.
a9s: Wh-where am I...?
pod153: Recovery sector. Eliminate access impairments to all blocks.
[[quest\qb20\qb20_42c8efa_scp.bin]]
announce: Hello, and thank you for choosing Tower System Services!
announce: We apologize for the inconvenience...
announce: but locks on each sub-unit must be deactivated before accessing the main Tower.
announce: Have a GREAT day!
announce: Hello, and thank you for choosing Tower System Services!
announce: Special authorization keys are required to access Tower sub-units.
announce: We apologize for the inconvenience, but access is not permitted at this time.
announce: However...
announce: Today, we have a special gift for first-time visitors to this Tower:
announce: A tour of our brand-new resource-recovery units!
a9s: !!
announce: We look forward to serving you again!
a9s: The heck was that?
pod153: A forced message from the enemy system.
pod153: Said message relays the locations of objects known as "resource-recovery units".
a9s: Now they're just messing with us...
[[quest\qb20\qb20_91cf1fa5_scp.bin]]
announce: Hello, and thank you for choosing Tower System Services!
announce: We apologize for the inconvenience...
announce: but locks on each sub-unit must be deactivated before accessing the main Tower.
announce: Have a GREAT day!
a9s: ......
pod153: Query: What is the motive for a machine lifeform to provide such an announcement?
a9s: There's no reason for anything they do.
announce: Hello, and thank you for choosing Tower System Services!
announce: Special authorization keys are required to access Tower sub-units.
announce: We apologize for the inconvenience, but access is not permitted at this time.
announce: However...
announce: Today, we have a special gift for first-time visitors to this Tower:
announce: A tour of our brand-new resource-recovery units!
a9s: !!
announce: We look forward to serving you again!
a9s: The heck was that?
pod153: A forced message from the enemy system.
pod153: Said message relays the locations of objects known as "resource-recovery units".
a9s: Now they're just messing with us...
announce: Hello, and thank you for choosing Tower System Services!
announce: We apologize for the inconvenience...
announce: but special authorization keys are required to access Tower sub-units.
announce: Have a WONDERFUL day!
announce: Tower sub-unit access granted.
announce: The Tower sub-unit lock has been deactivated.
announce: Your current authorization key will now be disabled.