kj: Say, if you ever happen to run into her, say hello from me, all right?
ane: You've changed, Number Two. The way you talk and act is completely different from how you were in the past.
a2: And you've become a true leader.
ane: I'm nothing compared to Rose.
ane: ......
ane: Actually, I... Well, I have the records stored on that external drive.
ane: I thought I should preserve memories of the time we fought together.
ane: And I also think you have a right to see them.
a2: ......
ane: You and I must never forget.
a2: ...I know.
ane: How's it going? You hanging in there?
ane: If you're bored, there are plenty of people here who could use your help.
kj: Hey there! I'm here for all your weapon-related needs.
kj: Do you need weapons?
kj: Don't be a stranger!
toolshop: Welcome. What are you buying?
toolshop: What would you like to buy?
toolshop: Come back soon!
ys: If there's something you want to listen to, feel free to change the song.
ys: I like calm songs because they're soothing, but intense songs get you ready to kick some tail!
bs: Hello. You're with YoRHa, aren't you?
bs: This is the Maintenance Shop. I service and consult on all types of android bodies.
bs: Can I help you with anything?
bs: You can greatly increase your combat abilities with just a few tweaks here and there.
bs: If you obtain any new chips or programs, make sure to try them out!
bs: Need any maintenance?
bs: Come back any time!
sele: Shop
sele: Ask for Advice
sele: Never Mind
bs: What would you like advice on?
sele: Android Bodies
sele: Upgrading Pods
sele: Acquiring Additional Pods
sele: Weapons
sele: Motion Sickness
sele: Back
bs: Android bodies are just that: bodies that belong to YoRHa androids.
bs: There are two ways to enhance them: experience points or plug-in chips.
bs: Everyone knows what experience points are, so I'm not going to waste your time with a long-winded explanation.
bs: Plug-in chips are items that enhance bodies. They have various functions.
bs: However, we recognize that the process can be a tad confusing, and we don't want you rage-quitting over it.
bs: So, I can actually recommend a chip setup based on what you're carrying right now. Wanna give it a try?
sele: Yes
sele: No
bs: What do you want to focus on?
sele: Balance
sele: Attack
sele: Defense
sele: Never Mind
bs: Got it. I'll get you set up right away.
bs: Okay, you're all set.
bs: There's a lot of depth to plug-in chips, so if you're interested, try experimenting with different setups to see how they work.
bs: Pods are tactical support units provided to YoRHa. There are two ways to upgrade them.
bs: The first is to take them to a maintenance shop like this one right here.
bs: It'll cost money and materials, but you'll end up with a stronger Pod.
bs: The second way is to equip them with new Pod Programs.
bs: There are various types of Pod Programs, and they do everything from firing attack lasers to jamming enemy movements.
bs: I've got a couple on sale here if you're interested.
bs: You can equip multiple Pods at the same time, but they're pretty rare, so we don't ever get them in stock here at the shop.
bs: If you manage to find another Pod or two, however, it'll make your life a lot easier!
bs: I sometimes hear about Pods lying around in the desert or being dropped in the sea...
bs: The latest YoRHa models can equip weapons from the Weapons tab in the System Menu, which is accessed by pressing <KC_MENU>.
bs: You can equip two different sets with two weapons each, so try a few combinations to see what works for you.
bs: Oh, and you can switch weapon sets using the <KC_SHORTCUT> shortcut menu.
bs: Yikes! Well, before you barf everywhere...
bs: Try going to System → Settings → Camera in the <KC_MENU> System Menu and changing the camera's behavior.
bs: Alternately, I can just adjust your camera for you. What kind of setting would you like?
sele: Reduce Motion Sickness
sele: Restore Normal Settings
sele: Never Mind
bs: Okay, I'll adjust your camera settings.
bs: There, all done! You can fine-tune things yourself later if you want.
bs: You're the boss.
ane: Welcome back. If you're running low on something, you can replenish it here.
ane: Are you tired? Why don't you rest a little?
kj: It's been tough lately, but it's important to get rest. Make sure you keep your weapons in good order, too.
kj: Oh, do you need a weapon?
kj: Come again!
toolshop: Welcome. We have loads of good stuff here!
toolshop: Are you looking for something?
toolshop: Come back soon!
dbl: Welcome. Is there anything you need?
dbl: Are you looking for something?
dbl: Good luck.
ppl: Welcome. Is there anything you need?
ppl: What do you need?
ppl: I'm rooting for you.
ys: Are you here to listen to music?
ys: Long ago, the humans used to gather in places where music played. ...Just like us.
ane: I'm so glad you made it back safely.
ane: Do you need anything? It's dangerous outside, so be on your guard.
kj: You can upgrade the weapons you buy here.
kj: How much I can upgrade your weapons depends on how much money and materials you have. Some upgraded weapons also add effects that improve performance.
kj: Give it a try if you like.
kj: It sounds rough out there, so I bet you need weapons, right? Take your time and look around.
kj: How did you...get that weapon...?
kj: Oh, they died...?
kj: YoRHa weapons save the external memories of whoever uses them. Please take extra care of...her.