roboimouto: Nnngh... *sniff*
a9s: Hey there. Are you the machine who came out here looking for a spare part?
roboimouto: Huh? Who are you?
a9s: Your sister asked us to look for you.
roboimouto: ...She did? Really?
a9s: Really. So what do you say we head home?
roboimouto: Waaaaaaaah! I was soooo scaaaaaared!
a2b: Right. Let's get her back to Pascal's village.
a9s: How'd you get lost out here, anyway?
roboimouto: I was looking for my sister's part...
roboimouto: But then I got scared and I couldn't move and...and...and... Waaaaah!
a9s: Aw, come on now, don't cry!
a9s: Did you at least find what you needed?
roboimouto: Y-Yeah. *sniff* She'll be happy, right?
a9s: I'm sure she will. But I bet she'll be even happier to see you back home safe and sound.
roboimouto: ...'Kay.
a2b: 9S? Where's the girl?
a9s: Huh? Oh, hell!
a9s: We must have gotten separated somehow.
a9s: Let's go back to where we first found her. I bet she's waiting there.
roboimouto: WAAAAAAAAAAAAH! YOU LEFT MEEEEEEEE!
roboimouto: You guys walk too fast. *sniff*
a9s: Sorry! Sorry. We'll try to walk slower, okay?
roboimouto: Hey, mister? Why'd they make the desert?
a9s: No one "made" the desert. It's just an area that lost all its vegetation due to a lack of precipitation.
a9s: This caused lasting changes in the soil, which means plants aren't able to—
roboimouto: What's "soil"?
a9s: Soil? Uh, it's dirt. Ground. The stuff we're walking on?
roboimouto: Oooooooo! I like ground.
roboimouto: Hey, mister? Where does the wind blow from?
a9s: Wind is just a force caused by changes in temperature and atmospheric pressure and...
a9s: Huh. That's actually a hard question, now that I think about it.
a9s: Kind of deep, really. I mean, where does the wind blow from? What do you think, 2B?
a2b: Don't know. Don't care.
roboimouto: Hey, mister? How do you make children?
a9s: Uuuuuuum....
a9s: Well, machines can't really make children. Neither can androids, now that I think about it.
roboimouto: Yeah, but how DO you make 'em?
a9s: Uh, 2B? Little help here?
a2b: Huh? You're the chatty one. Work it out.
a9s: Ooof.
roboimouto: Mister! Mister, wait! You gotta tell me how you make chil—
a9s: Wow, it's getting late! Let's get you home already!
roboimouto: Hey, I know this place! I can get home by myself now.
roboimouto: Thanks, mister! Thanks, grumpy lady! Oh, and here. You can have this.
roboimouto: Bye-byeeeeee!
roboimouto: Make sure to come back and tell me how to make childreeeeeeen!
a9s: ......
a2b: ......
a9s: Well, that was exhausting.
a2b: Yep.
[[quest\q120\q120_8dcd7a1a_scp.bin]]
toolshop: Welcome, welcome! It's always great to get new customers.
a9s: You some kind of supply trader for the Resistance?
toolshop: You know it. Every item here is hand-crafted from abandoned parts and stuff plundered from enemy corpses.
toolshop: So then! To business. What can I get you?
a9s: Do you sell plug-in chips?
toolshop: You mean those little doo-dads that serve as power-ups for your body? 'Fraid not.
toolshop: I'd love to sell plug-in chips, but I don't have the necessary raw materials.
toolshop: Now, if I happened to GET those raw materials, I bet we could do business. But until then...
toolshop: Say! Now there's an idea: what if YOU got the materials for me?
toolshop: I've got this bum leg, see? Can't really get around myself.
a9s: Can't you just repair your own leg? You work in the supply trade, after all.
toolshop: If only! Unfortunately, all of our parts are dedicated to the war effort. Can't spare any for myself.
toolshop: Personally, I'm hoping you wipe out those machines so I can start dancing again. But until then, will you look for what I need?
sele: Agree to help.
sele: Refuse to help.
a2b: All right.
toolshop: Aw, thanks a million!
toolshop: Okay, so I need one broken spring, one small gear, and one broken circuit. You can smash up a few small machines to find 'em.
toolshop: You can obtain them from enemies at the big open area towards the left when you exit the camp.
toolshop: Hey, I get it. You're probably busy with the killin' and whatnot. Maybe next time.
toolshop: If you've got the time, can you help me find some raw materials?
toolshop: I need one broken spring, one small gear, and one broken circuit. Don’t forget!
a9s: Okay, that's everything the supply trader asked for.
a9s: Man, these chores are a real pain in the butt, huh?
a2b: The Resistance is a valuable ally to YoRHa.
a2b: By helping them, we also help ourselves.
a2b: So no. I don't think they're a pain.
a9s: Yeah, yeah...
toolshop: Hey, you found the materials! That's great.
toolshop: Now I can start upgrading and crafting items for you.
a2b: I imagine you can spare a few of these supplies to fix your leg?
toolshop: Yeaaaaaah...no.
a2b: Why don't you tell us what's really going on.
toolshop: See, it's my left leg that's all busted up. And my left leg is the one that's fully original.
toolshop: I've repaired this ol' body of mine a hundred times over during this war.
toolshop: I've swapped parts in and out so many times I can't even keep track.
toolshop: But this leg? This left leg? It's never been touched.
toolshop: So if I go and replace that, what happens?
toolshop: I mean, would I even be ME anymore? Or would I just...
a2b: ......
toolshop: Anyway, it's my own problem. Didn't mean to trouble you with it.
toolshop: I should be getting more inventory soon, so swing by when you can.
pod042: Target location data obtained. Marking on map.
pod153: Target location data obtained. Marking on map.
[[quest\q121\q121_70545c1f_scp.bin]]
ane: ......
manager: Did you find the music box I asked you about?
a9s: What's wrong, Anemone?